this monument is standing in the middle
of the political and bureaucratic core
of Los Angeles that City Hall they're
just around the corner the other way are
the the major courthouses for the state
the law library and so on and this is a
disembodiment that is typical of our era
of kind of uncritically and unthinkingly
celebrating multiculturalism there are
many many languages on this monument
including a surprising number of
different leaders I have studied myself
so near the top
I can see Cambodian a cake um I khm er
Cambodian language of course obviously
Chinese Korean Japanese and various
European languages including French or
what have you
that's my best girl Melissa they're
taking a stroll through the park look
guys I come to this Monument immediately
after using a bank machine bank machine
from Bank of America the thing and it
had about eight languages you could
choose from
this Monument here's ty another language
of study
this this monument is giving you you
know more than a dozen Oh around the
corner sorry anyway so what asked me for
directions anyway the the thing is
though when you look at what's on offer
on that Bank machine what's being
celebrated in this kind of monument
there are precisely zero indigenous
languages there are zero languages that
would be indigenous to California or to
any part of the United States of America
so people call this a celebration of
multiculturalism but from my perspective
it's a celebration of this countenance
process of slow-motion genocide